# SUMMARY
We're bringing some security features into the platform, so some old methods may not work any more, make sure to read the relase note and all the related docs before continue your work.    
Also, we suffered data lose since the servers/db been released for a while, we have restored the app id/secret, but all the game related data are gone, sorry for the inconvenience.

# BREAKING CHANGES
- A security policy related to storage been added, access to unrelated path is forbidden. [Storage](../topics/storage.md)
- Microsoft Sync Framework needed for the development. [Run app](../topics/run_app.md)
- Create account in main client by email is not supported anymore, use your phone number instead.
- Sign your app before testing it in console mode. [Sign tool](../topics/devtool.md#sign-tool)
> The security features are new and bugs may exist, we're still polishing them, if you got blocked by anything, bug to us and just switch back to PC mode to continue your work, thanks.

# WHAT'S NEW?   
## First-time User Experience   
- User can setup language, network and time zone at the first-time startup  

## Z+ Store Preview
- User can enter Z+ store from bottom-left tile of news feed.
- User can view games and add games to shopping cart or wish list.  
- User can purchase games via Alipay or Wechat pay.   
- User can write review for those purchased games.  
- Please note those games listed are **just demos**.  

## IMPROVEMENTS
- Login
    1. Improve login page layout (JP-3137).  
    1. Enable setting in the login page
    1. User must register with mobile phone number
    1. Users recent purchased game and recent played game will be shown   
- Setting
    1. LPM is disabled under PC mode (JP-3040).
    1. Implement setting – power menu (JP-3006).
- Layer0
    1. Layer0 running logs are in roll mode now, it will keep the latest 10 files with a max 10M each.
- OS
    1. Updated user group policy, read [Storage](../topics/storage.md) for more info.
    1. CI policy updated when switching dev mode on/off [Sign Tool](../topics/devtool.md#sign-tool).
- SDK
    1. Thrift updated to v0.12
- Dev Tool
    1. Sign tool provided to sign apps. [Sign Tool](../topics/devtool.md#sign-tool)
    1. App Packer been removed since we're using Sync now.
    1. Choose manifest file instead of zip file for installation  [Run App](../topics/run_app.md)
- Localization
    1. Update platform localizations (JP-2892).
- Overlay
    1. Overlay supports DX12
    1. Input hooking supports non-UNICODE DirectInput titles
    1. Gamesdb compatibility entry can be placed in RuyiManifest [details](../topics/overlay.md)
- Demo
    1. Update manifest files for the demos (JP-2930)

# BUG FIXES
1. [Overlay] Fixed overlay crash under certain games
1. [Layer0] Install app failed in AppSystem of null reference.
1. [Layer0] Install old version app causes layer0 crash.
1. [Setting] Upload and download speed test stuck at loading.
1. [Setting] User cannot visit setting page when there is no internet connection.
1. [Login] Guest login makes main client crash.
1. [Controller] Z+ controller cannot keep screen on.
1. [Controller] User can switch z+ controller with xbox controller without restarting layer0.

# KNOWN ISSUES