# 0.9.2.3270 (2018.11.12)

## SUMMARY
As mentioned last week, we are migrating everyone over to using our server (Ext-Dev) in China. After updating to this version, Z+ Platform will connect to Ext-Dev by default. All existing data including users, configurations, etc. will be lost. There will not be any API changes and all existing functionalities remain the same, if you got any issue, please contact developer@playruyi.com.


## WHAT'S NEW?   

### App ID & App Secret
1. We will send you new App-IDs and secrets;
1. If you haven't receive the new App-ID and secret, please contact developer@playruyi.com.

### Return of Console Mode
1. Games can be launched under console mode
1. Once again able to switch between PC mode and console mode through setting - system menu

### Friends
1. User is able to search for another user through friends panel
1. User is able to send/accept/ignore friend requests

### Setting
1. User is able to manually join a network
1. User is able to change LED light color and brightness
1. User is able to update controller firmware when there is a new version
1. User is able to change main client resolution
1. Developers are able to switch between new ext-dev server in China and old server in Canada
1. please note that all new features will only be on new server, and old server will shut down in the new future.

## Overlay
1. Implemented Overlay with DirectX12 support

## IMPROVEMENTS
1. [Main Client] Improved API for message handling between main client and layer0
1. [Main Client] Resolved the gray loading screen when switching between homepage and settings
1. [Controller] Navigate by press and hold left analog now supported
1. [Setting] Improved bluetooth search API, and reduced search time cost
1. [Setting] Improved network speed test API
1. [Virtual Keyboard] Temporary input text will be displayed under Chinese/Japanese IME

## BUG FIXES
1. [Layer0] Fixed layer0 exceptions when launching for the second time
1. [Setting] Fixed low chance setting crash
1. [Input] Fixed DirectInput breaks Xinput games issue;
1. [Virtual Keyboard] Fixed backspace not working;


## KNOWN ISSUES
1. [Setting] Developer mode in setting menu does not work yet, server switch still works
1. [Setting] LED color setting not working in LPM mode
1. [Setting] Change resolution might not work correctly under some circumstances
