# 0.9.0.2440 (2018.7.27)

## New Features  
#### OS & BIOS
1. Update BIOS version to [1.01](https://bitbucket.org/playruyi/support/raw/master/files/bios/DA220101.zip), check the [doc](../topics/bios.md) for more info
1. Update OS version to 1.02

#### Ruyi Updater   
1. Layer0 can update the Updater now. 
1. Adjusted the update work flow where users will be asked to reboot the console to finish the upgrade when some files are occupied.

#### Main Client
1.	Added mouse support in setting panel checkbox.
1.	Added analog stick support when navigating in main client.
1.	Added internet configuration in Settings.
1.	Added WiFi configuration in Settings.
1.	Added controller configuration in Settings.
1.	Optimized key hints at the bottom bar so it shows correct indications at different panels.


#### Controller
1.	A new controller can now be bound to a user when plugged in or when the home key is pressed.
1.	Controllers will be resynced when wireless connection changes.
1.	Controllers will be turned off when the console enters low power mode, sleep mode, or gets shut down.
1.	Console can be woken up by controller under low power mode.

#### SDK & Demo
1. Thrift version updated to 0.11 with Unreal demo updated accordingly.
1. Unreal demo updated to include more sample code
1. Removed /LTCG when building C++ SDK, to avoid the P1, P2 version not matching when building in VS
1. Unity demo updated to include matchmaking with friends


#### Bug Fixes
1. [Main Client] Fixed an issue where no sound effect was playing when navigating through the left column of Setting menu.
1. [Main Client] Fixed an issue that keyboard focus was not on main client when pressing Enter to open it.
1. [Main Client] Fixed an issue that LED on SUBOR Z+ failed to trigger when switching OS.
1. [Main Client] Fixed the issue where language setting did not read from the system setting when opening Main Client for the first time.
1. [Main Client] Fixed the blur display issue in main client.
1. [Main Client] Fixed the messy code in Term of Service during the Account creation process.
1. [Main Client] Fixed a minor issue where users were unable to go back to Term of Service after browsing privacy policy.
1. [Main Client] The right mouse button in Settings panel has finally been disabled.
1. [Main Client] Fixed the issue where the network sub-menu in Settings became blank if users pressed B or ESC.
1. [Main Client] Fixed an issue that caused language switching to fail in the Settings panel.
1. [Overlay] Fixed an issue that would lead the Overlay to show giant black square in some situation.
1. [Overlay] Fixed a crashing bug in the Overlay system menu.
1. [Overlay] Fixed an issue where users were unable to take screenshots.
1. [Overlay] Fixed the Overlay display issue in certain games.
1. [Virtual Keyboard] Fixed the issue that the Caps icon disappeared if Caps lock is turned on.
1. [Virtual Keyboard] Fixed the issue where users were unable to close Virtual Keyboard by pressing B.
1. [Virtual Keyboard] Fixed the issue where certain keys such as !@#$%^&*() would get double strokes when users typed using the keyboard.
1. [Virtual Keyboard] Fixed the issue that numbers can't be input via Chinese input.
1. [Virtual Keyboard] Fixed the issue that Caps lock status was not shown properly on Virtual Keyboard.
1. [Virtual Keyboard] Fixed the issue that users could not input Chinese when Caps lock is turned on.
1. [SDK] Fixed an issue that led to crashes when quitting an app without releasing the SDK instance in C++.
1. [Dev Portal] Fixed the issue that Markdown is not working properly in Dev Forum.
1. [Ruyi Assist] Fixed an issue that caused switching to low power mode (LPM) to fail.
1. [Layer0] Fixed the issue that Layer1 might crash when booting for a new user.
1. [Layer0] Fixed an NullReferenceException after switching to high power mode (HPM).
1. [Layer0] Fixed an issue that caused the downloading of patch files to fail if the Updater failed and tried to download the patch again.
1. [Controller] Fixed the issue that SetRuyiControllerStatus would trigger the Windows alarm.
1. [Controller] Fixed an issue that controllers would get stuck at sending certain commands occasionally.
1. [Controller] Fixed an issue that caused C# SDK to fail to receive Controller events.


#### Known Issue
1. Main Client gets stuck when trying to log out user account after switching from low power mode to high power mode.
